---
title: Day 15
date: 2021-08-29 23:45:00 +04:00
modified: 2021-08-29 23:45:00 +04:00
comments: True
---

## What did I do today? ⚡️

To start off the day, I worked on my JavaScript. I guess I'm quite familiar with ES6 now, but I guess only practice will help me understand and remember it better. (*You could check out the repository where I will document my notes, in GitHub [here](https://github.com/abxhr/Learn-JS)*)

Later I worked a little more on Flutter. The Android Emulator does slow down a bit when I run the code, but I guess it's alright. I'll try to get more familiar with the material layouts by tomorrow.

Then, I worked on my Microsoft Learn Student Ambassador Program Application. I finished working on my answers for all the three questions, and also made the video for one of those answers (*which probably took like 87233 takes*). You could watch the video [here](http://youtu.be/lXcgl9Ux9uM). Let me know what you think about it!

Later, I also spent some time reading the Docs from Discord, for the bot I'm creating. So, I'm creating the Discord Bot using Python, and I'll try to put up the code on GitHub, from where it will be automatically deployed to either Vercel, Heroku or GitHub Pages, which would also be connected to some sort of service, which would keep the hosting service from any downtime. The only problem I have is, as I will have to put up the code on GitHub, I should be making the TOKEN private. To do so, I'll have to find a way to integrate Repository Secrets along with GitHub Actions. (*Let me know if you have an alternative for this*).

That's it for **Day 15!!** 🚀 