---
title: Day 18
date: 2021-09-01 23:40:00 +04:00
modified: 2021-09-01 23:40:00 +04:00
comments: True
---

## What did I do today? ⚡️

So I thought to dedicate most of my day today in learning and working along with Flutter. I want to make sure that I get a hang of it soon, so that I could then experiment it by creating projects. I took a very planned approach today, in learning Flutter, than the very hit-and-trail method way I did earlier, by going through step by step, through processes involved in building a Flutter app (*or native apps*). 

I started off by creating a simple *Quiz App*, which requires very fundamental concepts of Flutter to be known about. Instead of tweaking the template counter app that comes along, when you create a new Flutter Project, I tried to start the `main.dart` file fromt scratch, so that I could really learn it well. I got familiar with HTTP Requests as well, and how to use it along with a Flutter App. 

Later, I had a quick chat with my team for the Hackthon too, to discuss the plan for the Hackathon (*obviously*).

To end the day, I spent some time practicing my JavaScript (*like always*), by trying to get more familiar with its syntax, and implementation.

That's it for **Day 18**! 🚀

(**P.S:** *So I started this challenge as I wanted to make sure that I didn't waste my time in the one-month holiday I had, after my internship. I thought to take up this challenge the actual way (tweeting everyday about that day) but instead, to make it a little more fun, I thought to ask a few friends if they were interested in the challenge. The plan was this: by the end of the day, everyone would text in the group about what they did in that day, so that we stay committed to the challenge.* 

*Everyone seemed quite excited in the beginning. But right now, it's just three of us continuing the challenge, and updating about their day, everyday in the group. TBH, it's quite a bummer.*

*Although I don't tweet about this challenge, I guess writing these blogs helps me stay committed, even if I don't do much (or nothing) in some days*

*And also, if you are reading this right now, thank you for joining with me for this journey.* 💖

*InShaAllah, I'll come at the end of these 100 days as a better developer!* 🚀)