---
title: Day 5
date: 2021-08-19 23:00:00 +04:00
modified: 2021-08-19 23:00:00 +04:00
comments: True
---

## What did I do today? ⚡️

Day 5, LETS GO! (*I'm trying to hype myself*) 🚀

I started my by going through a few open-source projects, particularly [*oppia*](https://github.com/oppia/oppia), an open-source online platform to make quality education accessible for all. I'll soon try to focus on making open-source contributions.

Later, I worked a bit on the Coding Bootcamp, me and my club, *ACM*, is working on. GitHub has provided alot of ways through which collboration has been made easy. I took a look at few open-source projects which would help make the content of the Bootcamp framed better, such as [*Excalidraw*](https://excalidraw.com/).

Then I had an amzing chat with two amazing people from IBM, [Mridul](https://github.com/mridulrb) and [Fawaz](https://github.com/fawazsiddiqi), where we discussed creating a Student Developer Community here in the UAE. It was an insightful discussion, where I got to understand the challenges that I might come along, while building a community.

I worked more on learning and revising concepts of JavaScript after that. As I said, I keep updating a repository in my GitHub with the notes I make for JS, so that I could later use it to teach others as well.

After that, I applied for few opportunities that I came across. I also scheduled and registered for few events that would be happening over the next week or so; especially the "CodeLand" Conference, which is a free conference, with alots of amazing developer sessions.

That's it! Let's hit Day 6 now!
