---
title: Day 2
date: 2021-08-16 22:00:00 +04:00
modified: 2021-08-16 22:00:00 +04:00
comments: True
---

DAY 2! LET'S GO! 🚀

## What did I do today? ⚡️

Alright! Day 2. 

I guess I didn't have a good start to the day as I didn't spend my time right, even after getting up quite earlier. (*I'll have to fix that by atleast listening to Tech Podcasts like "Code Newbie" or "The README Podcast"*)

But I caught on as the day went on. I managed to get all the checks passed, for a Pull Request I created yesterday, so yay! (*Hope it gets merged soon*). I took a dive into more Open-Source repos as well, looking to find places where I could do more contributions. (*I'll have to start solving Coding Problems also regularly again. TBH, I miss doing it regularly*)

I went on to complete the Machine Learning Course that I started yesterday, to revise my concepts. I thought to start another more advanced ML course as well, to revise the other concepts. Once the course was done, trying out *Kaggle* competitions was my next step. So I tried out a few competitions, and made quite a few submissions as well. I also managed to read through 3 (*long*) articles on topics in Machine Learning which I had been curious about, from the training sessions during my internship. Once I'm quite revised with my concepts, I'll move on to concepts within Computer Vision

Besides that, I want to revise my *Web Dev* concepts as well. So I thought to continue the course on *freeCodeCamp*. I'll have to try finish those courses asap! 

(*Also, check out the [#100DaysOfCode](https://abxhr-learning.vercel.app/hdoc/) page for the new Countdown until the end of this challenge!*)

<div align="center">
    <iframe src="https://streamable.com/e/lv2edz?autoplay=1&nocontrols=1" width="560" height="996" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen allow="autoplay"></iframe>
    <p><i>A small clip from today; freeCodeCamp</i></p>
</div>
