---
title: Day 4
date: 2021-08-18 23:00:00 +04:00
modified: 2021-08-18 23:00:00 +04:00
comments: True
---

## What did I do today? ⚡️

Ayy! Day 4 already! 🚀

I was in *Machine Learning* kinda mood today. So I focussed on going through few concepts in ML, which I wanted revise; namely *Pipelines*, *XGBoost*, and bit of *UMAP* as well. 

(*If you are familiar with Clustering Algorthims such as K-Means, I suggest you read about UMAP as well!*)

After that, I took a look at Python Library *OpenCV*, to get started with Computer Vision. I'll also try to follow through a course of *Stanford* or *Udacity* to learn the core concepts. (*If you do know any other good courses on Computer Vision, let me know!*) 👀

Then, I tried setting up *Google Analytics* on to this website. Although I did follow the steps properly, and embedded the code and tracking ID properly, I wasn't able to it setup well ☹️. (*Hit me up if you are familiar with Google Analytics and Jekyll*)

The club that I'm part of, *ACM BPDC*, have our Coding Bootcamp coming up soon! So I worked a bit on it, and tried to fix in the content through our GitHub Repo.

I didn't want to skip *Web Dev* today, so I tried to complete one more module in the freeCodeCamp course. I'll try to finish it up by tomorrow, and start with a project as well! TBH, even if you are revising (*like me*) or learning for the first, freeCodeCamp has amazing resources available. 

I wanted to create a repo with notes of JavaScript, so I created one, and started to fill it in from the basics, so that I could revise them as well! (*It's private for now, shh!*)

At last, I ended the day by solving a coding problem from LeetCode, as I'm trying to get back to regularly solving them like before.

That's it for day 4! 