---
title: Day 1
date: 2021-08-15 20:00:00 +04:00
modified: 2021-08-15 20:00:00 +04:00
comments: True
---

WOOHOO! Let's get this challenge started! 

## Why did I take this challenge? 🤔

To be honest, the straight answer is that I don't want to waste my time, being lazy. I just got done with an amazing 2-month internship, and I still have almost a month to go until university opens again. And I want to make sure that I spend my time well in these days (and after also).

## What did I do today? ⚡️

As it's the start of the challenge, I wanted to start off a little slow and take up a notch gradually. 

To start off, I spent some time browsing through a few repos that I've been keeping an eye, in GitHub. I had this small issue that I submitted 2 days back (*to the repo [simple-icons](https://github.com/simple-icons/simple-icons)*), and they asked me if I wanted to take a look at the issue myself, and so I did. Tiny icon work, and created a pull request. 

I want to take a closer look into *Machine Learning*, particularly *Computer Vision*, as I would be working on a project of the same topic with a professor this semester. So I went through the Computer Vision topics, so that I could be prepared to learn.

I also wanted to make sure that the concepts I worked with Machine Learning was well revised. So I went ahead and reviewed these well-prepared small courses on [Kaggle](https://www.kaggle.com/learn)

That was it for day one! I'll try to do better everyday, but I want to make sure that I don't burn out as well 😅

(*Oh! And yes, I worked on making this page in my blog, if that counts* 😎)